Grandpa peppa pig is
looking after peppa and George today.
Now grandpa I will tell
you how everything works.
This is the slide.
You climb up here and you slide down there.
And everyone takes it in turns.
Ho ! Ho! I know what a slide is, peppa.
I used to play on one myself
when I was a little piggy.
Did you
have swings, too in the olden days?
Ho! Ho! We had
swings and climbing frames
and roundabouts.
But my favorite was the slide.
It’s my favorite, too.
Everyone takes it in
turns to have a go on the slide.
Naughty Richard,
you know you have to wait turn.
Richard rabbit finds
it’s hard to wait his turn.
Oh! Dear, it’s not
easy being small, is it Richard?
Because Richard is little,
I don’t think you should have to wait.
I wouldn’t change the
rules if I were you grandpa pig.
Nonsense,
the children understand, don’t you?
ha ha!
But Grandpa, George is
little and he has to wait his turn.
Yes, George is little, so
he shouldn’t have to wait neither.
oh! Dear,
Richard and George are
taking all the turns on this slide.
grandpa, when do we get go on the slide.
Don’t worry, peppa,
they won’t be on it for long .
I am bored of waiting.
Me too! Let’s play on the swing.
Here is Pedro Pony on the swing.
Pedro, can I have a go now?
I just want to swing a bit more.
But you have on the swing for ages.
Grandpa pig , could
you push me a little bit please?
I think it is
someone else’s turn now, Pedro.
But I have to go home soon.
Oh, I see!
That’s different. Let me push you then.
But, grandpa.
I’m bored of waiting.
Me too!
And me!
Let’s play on the roundabout.
Everyone wants to get on the roundabout.
Too many children on
the roundabout. Everybody off!
But grandpa pig, I was actually here first.
Ah! Then you can
get back on the roundabout.
I need to get on too.
Why is that? Rebecca.
Because it’s my birthday soon.
Oh! Ok!
And me.
All right, is everybody ready?
Yes.
Stop, there are no boys on the roundabout.
Now is everybody ready?
I’m wearing glasses. Can I go on please?
The children themselves
are making up their own rules.
I need to get on, because I like carrots.
Now, are you all ready to go?
No, I have to get on because I can do this.
Here is mummy pig.
How are you getting on grandpa pig?
I … I ‘m confused.
These playground
rules are too complicated.
There is only one
rule grandpa pig, and that is,
everyone waits their turn.
What? Even the little ones?
Even the little ones.
What’s about the
very old ones like grandpa?
Even the very old ones like grandpa.
At the playground everyone has their turn.
Wee!